
1. What did you learn mainly in this assignment?

The thing we learned mainly in this assignment was how to unit test and why it is so beneficial to developing applications. 
It was tricky at first, writing the test and then implementing a minimal working solution. But as we wrote more tests, the function naturally grew into what we wanted it to be.
Additionally, it really helped that after making changes we could still see that the updated code still behaved how we wanted it to since it passed all of the tests.
That gave us confidence to be able to progress and not be afraid to make changes if they were needed.
We also learned how to use different types of asserts to get better results for our tests.

Another thing we learned was how to create a GUI in Python using Tkinter.
Me and my partner had never done it before so it was interesting to see how we could link the logic of master_mind.py code into something the user interacts with that is not the terminal.
We learned how to align and create a nice-looking GUI properly.
In addition, we learned how to use functions with buttons and the special conditions to use those.

2. How is the current design different, if at all, from the strategic design created?

So our initial strategic design had a MasterMind class and a GUI class. 

While creating the MasterMind class, we realized that it wasn't absolutely necessary to create it.
Instead, the master_mind.py file has functions related to the game and then some Enum Classes to help ease the cognitive load and to not hard code certain things.
For instance, instead of worrying about what an exact match represents at a logical level, we used an Enum Class to mark it as an Exact Match.
Then at the UI level, we displayed what an exact match actually represents.

For the GUI, based on time constraints and lack of proper knowledge on how to do so, we didn't make the GUI using classes.
Instead, we used a handful of functions that could be initiated through the button objects from Tkinter. 



3. Were there any surprises or things you did not expect along the way? Any particular problem faced, things you had to tackle that you did not expect beforehand?

One surprise was the "Radon found complex code" message in the CI build. 
Although we knew that code quality was going to be checked, it was surprising to see that our code was also being checked for complexity automatically.
Because of this, we had to rewrite our some of our functions to pass that check.
It did however, result in better code and forced us to be mindful of what exactly we were writing.

Another surprise that had to be dealt with was passing values to functions called by code.
In their normal form functions when assigned to a function can't pass a value to that function.
As a result, you need to use lambda functions for it but, this raised another problem when lambda was in a loop.
By the time the lambda ran in the loop, it would only have the last index value of the loop.
To fix this you need to set the index value to another variable. 
